
# Bandwidth.Standard.Model.ConferenceMemberExitCallback

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**EventType** | **string** | The event type, value can be one of the following: answer, bridgeComplete, bridgeTargetComplete, conferenceCreated, conferenceRedirect, conferenceMemberJoin, conferenceMemberExit, conferenceCompleted, conferenceRecordingAvailable, disconnect, dtmf, gather, initiate, machineDetectionComplete, recordingComplete, recordingAvailable, redirect, transcriptionAvailable, transferAnswer, transferComplete, transferDisconnect. | [optional] 
**EventTime** | **DateTime** | The approximate UTC date and time when the event was generated by the Bandwidth server, in ISO 8601 format. This may not be exactly the time of event execution. | [optional] 
**ConferenceId** | **string** | The unique, Bandwidth-generated ID of the conference that was recorded | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | The user-specified name of the conference that was recorded | [optional] 
**From** | **string** | The provided identifier of the caller: can be a phone number in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555) or one of Private, Restricted, Unavailable, or Anonymous. | [optional] 
**To** | **string** | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] 
**CallId** | **string** | The call id associated with the event. | [optional] 
**Tag** | **string** | (optional) The tag specified on call creation. If no tag was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models)
[[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints)
[[Back to README]](../README.md)

