# Bandwidth.Standard.Model.TfvStatus

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**PhoneNumber** | **string** | Toll-free telephone number in E.164 format. | [optional] 
**Status** | **TfvStatusEnum** |  | [optional] 
**InternalTicketNumber** | **string** | Unique identifier (UUID) generated by Bandwidth to assist in tracking the verification status of a toll-free number - included in all webhook payloads. | [optional] 
**DeclineReasonDescription** | **string** | Explanation for why a verification request was declined. | [optional] 
**ResubmitAllowed** | **bool** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification request qualifies for resubmission via PUT. | [optional] 
**CreatedDateTime** | **DateTime** | Date and time the verification request was created. | [optional] 
**ModifiedDateTime** | **DateTime** | Date and time the verification request was last modified. | [optional] 
**Submission** | [**TfvSubmissionInfo**](TfvSubmissionInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**Blocked** | **bool** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. | [optional] 
**BlockedReason** | **string** | The reason why the Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. | [optional] 
**CvToken** | **string** | The token provided by Campaign Verify to validate your political use case. Only required for 527 political organizations. If you are not a 527 political organization, this field should be omitted. Supplying an empty string will likely result in rejection. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

