# Bandwidth.Standard.Model.VerificationDenialWebhook

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountId** | **string** | User&#39;s account ID. | [optional] 
**AdditionalDenialReasons** | [**List&lt;AdditionalDenialReason&gt;**](AdditionalDenialReason.md) | An optional list of denial reasons in addition to declineReasonDescription when multiple reasons apply. | [optional] 
**DeclineReasonDescription** | **string** | Explanation for why a verification request was declined. | [optional] 
**DenialStatusCode** | **int** | Reason code for denial. | [optional] 
**InternalTicketNumber** | **Guid** | Unique identifier (UUID) generated by Bandwidth to assist in tracking the verification status of a toll-free number. | [optional] 
**PhoneNumber** | **string** | Toll-free telephone number in E.164 format. | [optional] 
**ResubmitAllowed** | **bool** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification request qualifies for resubmission via PUT. | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** |  | [optional] [default to "UNVERIFIED"]
**Blocked** | **bool** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. (Not Available Until 5/28/2025) | [optional] 
**BlockedReason** | **string** | The reason why the Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. (Not Available Until 5/28/2025) | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

